h2. My set of Rails application templates

Thanks for your interest in these basic Rails templates. There are a few interesting bits that I haven't seen other people doing. For example cleaning up the project and touching files used to keep Git from ignoring empty folders. These hidden zero byte files (.gitkeep) hang around inside folders that are often empty forcing Git to track them.

h3. The base template

*base.rb*

This template sets up a new Rails project and puts it in a Git repository while taking care of all the preliminary work to prepare the project like copying the config/database.yml file to config/example_database.yml and versioning that instead of the real config file. It also generates a basic .gitignore file to cover the common Rails ignores.

h3. The authorization template

*auth.rb*

This template depends on *base.rb* and adds and configures the restful_authentication plugin as a Git submodule.

*Note:* Remember to move the code as per the instructions in the restful_authentication README. This is about the only thing the template doesn't take care of for you.

h3. Installation/Usage

These templates can be used directly from GitHub. Or you may clone the repository and use them locally.

*Example:*

@rails demo -m http://cloud.github.com/downloads/robertwalker/rails-app-templates/base.rb@

*Note:* If you choose to use the templates locally remember to modify the template dependencies to work for your system otherwise the templates will try to use the remote files.

h3. More to come

Hopefully soon I'll have more templates to offer, this is just my first stab at a basic set. If you have any suggestions, or for any problems, feel free to contact me.
